we are at doe room at the edge of the
inn scarp meant and this is the last of
civilization will see for three days the
banda gari escarpment is a transition
zone between different geographic areas
separated by a high cliffs formed by
tectonic faults
the sandstone cliffs are 500 meters high
by 150 kilometers long in our a unesco
world heritage site because of the
unique culture and architecture of the
Dogon people though Roo is a dogon
village at the top of the in scarp Minh
and we are going to number II a
five-hour hike at the bottom of the in
scarp meant
we are wearing hiking boots and teemo
our guide is wearing flip-flops to get
to numbering we follow a trail within a
cane and called the bond a gari pass to
the bottom of the in scarp meant the
descent is gradual at first but then it
turns into a 45 degree drop and some of
us have to sit down and slide down so as
not to fall
el amor de cabeza de Valle Vidal Jumba
I've dreamt of seeing the Sahara since I
was a child and when I saw her for the
first time she took my breath away
so this is the Sahara
we reached number II and garden oasis in
the desert but we are too exhausted to
admire and appreciate what is around us
all we can think of is food and a cold
drink
you